Add TypeScript and general refactor (#1)
api3dao/chains: README.md

- `rsk` and `rsk-testnet` block explorers do not have contract verification APIs.

## API

The following variables/functions are exported from this package

### CHAINS

The single source of truth for the list of supported chains. A static array of `Chain` objects.

```ts
import { CHAINS } from '@api3/chains';
console.log(CHAINS);
/* 
[
  {
    name: 'Arbitrum testnet',
    alias: 'arbitrum-goerli-testnet',
    id: '421613',
    ...
  },
  ...
]   
*/
```

### getChainByAlias

Returns a single `Chain` record found by it's alias. Throws an error if the `Chain` is not found.

```ts
import { getChainByAlias } from '@api3/chains';
console.log(getChainByAlias('ethereum'));
/*
{
  "name": "Ethereum",
  "alias": "ethereum",
  "id": "1",
  ...
}
*/
```

### hardhatConfigNetworks

Returns an object where the key is each chain's alias and the value is an object that can be used with [hardhat](https://hardhat.org).

```ts
import { hardhatConfigNetworks } from '@api3/chains';
console.log(hardhatConfigNetworks());
/*
{
  "arbitrum-goerli-testnet": {
      accounts: { mnemonic: '' },
      chainId: '421613',
      url: 'https://...',
  },
  ...
}
*/
```

### hardhatEtherscan

> Returns an object that can be used with Etherscan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns an object where the key is each chain's alias and the value is an object that can be used as the `etherscan` field of [`hardhat.config.js`](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/docs/config) (requires the [`hardhat-etherscan` plugin](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomiclabs-hardhat-etherscan)).
```

Author: Thanks. I wasn't sure what these functions were actually for 👍🏻
